# High Performance Computing

> Mac Version  //  Update: 26/02/20


This will provide a basic overview of using the High Performance Computing service offered by Imperial. The Research Computing Service at Imperial offers several services including acces to HPC and reserach data storage. 

---


 * [Getting Access](#getting-access)
 * [HPC courses](#hpc-courses)
  


---


## Getting Access

You will need to get access to the [Research Computing Service](https://api.rcs.imperial.ac.uk/groups/manage/hpc-access/). Simone already has an account `hpc-sdigiova`. If you are a post-doc, PhD or research postgrad student, you will need to ask Ilaria to register you.

> Note: Getting started, see [here](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/support/getting-started/).

You will also need access to the Imperial network. This is not a must, but VPN can be fishy. In order to do this, you need an ethernet cable and if you need any ethernet - usb adapter, this will need to be registered by ICT. Use ICT Ask to submit tasks to get this sorted. You can also visit them, the office is the basement of the common wealth building. (if you use the left elevators, turn right as you come out the elevators, then turn left, go all the way to the end of the hallway, go through the doors, turn right, go through the doors again, and the office is the first door on the right. There should be a sign saying ICT office. Please note their drop in hours are between 13:00-14:00 i think).






## HPC Courses

Imperial offers courses on using the HPC system. You can find dates [here](https://wiki.imperial.ac.uk/display/HPC/Courses). I would recommend the `Beginner's guide to HPC at Imperial - from serial jobs to data parallelism` course. 